---
id: 8509102
name: 'Chicken Al Pastor'
imageUrl: 'https://www.allrecipes.com/thmb/CXHI4rajc40Y6V5l8lpy6DSN_Xk=/750x0/filters:no_upscale():max_bytes(150000):strip_icc():format(webp)/chicken-al-pastor-ddmfs-0831-4x3-1-07333bb010104b059996d70da5c02be0.jpg'
---

## Ingredients
- 4 dried guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded
- 2 tablespoons achiote paste
- 6 large cloves garlic, peeled
- 1 (7 ounce) can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, drained
- 1 ⅓ cups finely chopped onion, divided
- ⅔ cup orange juice
- 3 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
- 3 tablespoons olive oil
- 1 tablespoon ground cumin
- 1 tablespoon light brown sugar
- 1 teaspoon kosher salt
- 3 pounds skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut in half
- 8 (12-inch) jumbo wooden skewers
- 1 large fresh pineapple - peeled, cored, and sliced
- 20 (6 inch) corn tortillas
- ¼ cup roughly chopped fresh cilantro

## Directions

### Step 1
Heat a skillet over medium-high heat. Add dried chiles; cook, turning occasionally, until toasted and blistered in spots, 3 to 5 minutes. Add 1 cup water to just cover the chiles, and bring to a simmer over medium-high. Cover and cook, undisturbed, until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain well.

### Step 2
Combine chiles, achiote, garlic, chipotles, 2/3 cup onion, orange juice, vinegar, oil, cumin, brown sugar, and salt in a blender; process until smooth, about 30 seconds. Reserve 1/2 cup marinade, cover, and refrigerate until ready to use.

### Step 3
Place remaining marinade in a shallow dish or large resealable plastic bag, add chicken; toss to evenly coat. Cover chicken with plastic wrap, and refrigerate at least 8 hours or up to 24 hours.

### Step 4
Place wooden skewers in a shallow dish; cover with water by 1 inch. Let stand at room temperature while chicken marinates.

### Step 5
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Position oven rack 8 inches away from heating element. Line a small roasting pan or 13- x 9-inch baking dish with aluminum foil.

### Step 6
Thread 1 pineapple slice onto 2 skewers, being sure to pierce through the center core, (skewers will be about 1 inch apart), leaving a 1 1/2-inch space from end of skewer. Thread 5 to 6 pieces of marinated chicken, stacking on top of pineapple; thread 1 pineapple slice. Repeat process, ending with pineapple slice, until all chicken pieces and pineapple slices are used, making 4 stacks total. Brush with any remaining marinade from chicken.

### Step 7
Place stacked skewers in the prepared pan, resting skewer ends on edge of pan so that the chicken doesn't touch the bottom of the pan.

### Step 8
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Flip skewers over, brush with reserved 1/2 cup marinade. Bake until chicken is no longer pink in the center and the juices run clear, about 30 minutes longer. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read 160 degrees F (71 degrees C). Increase oven temperature to broil; broil until browned and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes. Flip, and broil until browned and crispy, 3 to 5 minutes.

### Step 9
Meanwhile, heat a large skillet over high heat. Working two at a time, add tortillas; cook, turning once, until heated and browning in some spots, 1 to 2 minutes per side. Repeat with remaining tortillas.

### Step 10
Remove chicken and pineapple from skewers, place on cutting board, roughly chop.

### Step 11
Divide chicken and pineapple between heated tortillas; top with remaining onion and cilantro.

